README.md, before:

# Skekbot

[License](https://github.com/Skekdog/Skekbot/blob/master/LICENSE)

A Discord bot, written in Python using Discord.py.
Use /help for a list of commands.

To use, the following environment variables should be set:
- SKEKBOT_MAIN_TOKEN (for the bot itself)
- SKEKBOT_OPENAI_TOKEN (for Transcription)
- SKEKBOT_CHARACTERAI_TOKEN (for CharacterAI) - This can be obtained from browser DevTools > Storage > Local Storage > beta.character.ai > char_token > value
- SKEKBOT_ANNOUNCEMENT_WEBSOCKET (for announcements. Should be a WebSocket URI, such as ws://example.com)

Additional configuration options are available in config.yaml.

### Why not more AI tools?
- Skekbot previously had commands for ChatGPT and DALL-E generation. These have since been removed; ChatGPT is available for free and DALL-E was (in the model used) rather costly for pretty lackluster results.
- CharacterAI provides AI that is fun and friendly, not trying to be informative or accurate, thus it feels reasonable to include.
- I also see some issue with image generation not being used in a gimmicky-fun sort of way, and as I just said they were not good in a gimmicky-fun way either.
- Transcription, on the other hand, is an actually useful feature to be integrated into Discord (given the newly-arrived voice messages), and it has good results with good prices.

Commit message:

Fixed CharacterAI As part of this, we've gone back to using an external node.js program. Fun! Updated setup is in README, as well as credits for the library.
In other news:
- Dad wrongly triggers after only saying "I "
- Something else broke
- We should check for environment variables being set or unset and disable commands as needed, with a warning

README.md, after:

# Skekbot

[License](https://github.com/Skekdog/Skekbot/blob/master/LICENSE)

A Discord bot, written in Python using Discord.py.
Use /help for a list of commands.

To use, the following environment variables should be set:
- SKEKBOT_MAIN_TOKEN (for the bot itself)
- SKEKBOT_OPENAI_TOKEN (for Transcription)
- SKEKBOT_CHARACTERAI_TOKEN (for CharacterAI) - This can be obtained from browser DevTools > Storage > Local Storage > beta.character.ai > char_token > value
- SKEKBOT_ANNOUNCEMENT_WEBSOCKET (for announcements. Should be a WebSocket URI, such as `ws://example.com`)
- FFMpeg must also be available in PATH

Additional configuration options are available in config.yaml.

### Setup
- Set all environment variables listed above (a restart will usually be required)
- Install requirements.txt
- Navigate to src/characterai_node
- Run `npm i` (NPM must be installed and set up!)
- Start the bot by running main.py!

### Why not more AI tools?
- Skekbot previously had commands for ChatGPT and DALL-E generation. These have since been removed; ChatGPT is available for free and DALL-E was (in the model used) rather costly for pretty lackluster results.
- CharacterAI provides AI that is fun and friendly, not trying to be informative or accurate, thus it feels reasonable to include.
- I also see some issue with image generation not being used in a gimmicky-fun sort of way, and as I just said they were not good in a gimmicky-fun way either.
- Transcription, on the other hand, is an actually useful feature to be integrated into Discord (given the newly-arrived voice messages), and it has good results with good prices.

### Credits
Skekbot uses [https://github.com/realcoloride/node_characterai](node_characterai) for CharacterAI interaction, licensed under MIT.
